README:

In the web application, the navbar is used to display extra features, navigate to the display page, and add a new user. When displaying users the users are displayed depending on their height and size parameters. I opted to add the height and size parameters to their smallest possible value to maintain the look and be able to properly display the data within the boxes (if the size was 1 no text would be seen). For the content of the userboxes, I filled it with user id, name, and chess elo as one of my extra parameters. To modify, delete, and or get more information on a given user select the userbox by clicking on it and click on the corresponding button in the upper right-hand side of the screen. If problems occur or u did not want to click the button there is a back button. As an additional feature, I added a leaderboard and activities page. The activities page displays the current userboxes submission times in chronological order. The leader board tab shows a list of top "players" in terms of chess rating. To color the boxes I went with the chess Elo rating, in chess, the Elo system is usually between 0 (Doesn't know how to move a piece) up to around 3000 (highest chess rating achieved by a human is 2882). I, therefore, colored the boxes depending on which 500 elo point interval they fall under(0-500, 500-1000,1000-1500,1500-2000,2500+) and went for colors such as olive(low tier) up to royal blue(above 2500 high tier).  The final feature I added was a player look up, I went with player ID as it is a unique id that is set by the database which allows for quick and easy searches in case there are too many items on the display page.

If there are any questions/concerns feel free to email me at sbugal@sfu.ca